I remember now.
You said you were a friend of Zhan Shuai
Yes, if you are a friend of Zhan Shuai
Why did you go to KTV to be a waiter?
Because three months ago
The fortune teller told me
Let me come to Gimhae's KTV
Waiting for someone I've been looking for for years
How naive!
Believe what the fortune teller says
Really go to KTV and wait
What the fortune teller says is true
Really amazing
Why did you wait for the person you were looking for?
Yes, I waited.
Who are you?
You are waiting for me
What are you waiting for me to do?
Do you remember this?
What is this?
Over 10 years ago
A little boy was beaten up at a roadside stall
A little girl rushed over to stop the police.
The little girl took this handkerchief and polished the little boy's shoes.
When the little girl left?
Leave this handkerchief to the little boy
From then on, the little boy was well preserved
When he grew up
Daddy must marry this little girl
Protect him forever
I remember now.
It was Fatty Wang who beat the man
His house was worse than mine at that time
But his dad is doing a great job now
Why is that you who was beaten up?
That's right, it's me.
I didn't expect it.
How can you remember these little things for so many years?
In my life, I will take revenge and repay kindness
I thought you were a braggart
I didn't expect you to fight for advantages
After you contact me for a long time, you will find that I am very serious.
Do you really know Tuan Zhuan?
Yes, you said Zhan Shuai will come to Jinhai tonight.
Will stay in the Presidential Suite at the Regal Hotel
It's also true.
Of course.
Then I will trust you again.
I'll go see if it's true